---
layout:     post
title:      国庆四日
subtitle:   travel
date:       2017-10-3
author:     Seco
header-img: img/post-bg-ios10.jpg
catalog: 	 true
tags:
    - travel
    - 日记
---


>From 29/9 to 2/10,i had a trip to guilin/yangshuo.

>This is the firt time i had a chance to travel since the university.

>Happy more than worry.

>5/10,went to changsha with my mom.

>tired but happy.

# Pre-period


firtly i might make a apology for my free,most preparation was contracted by my AIBO,hiahia~

I adimitted that im a lazy guitarist : ) thank kiu xiaomo and  my yuan.

Originally its a honeymoon line for miss yuan and i,then more than a few people are also well.

# Medium term

### first day---guilin
**guilin**

We arrived guilin at about half past five,waiting for two partners.

Wet and hot, many people,the bus has two floors ,we sat the second floor.

Not come to hostel,we straightly went to `xiangbishan`,where looks like elephant.

The mountain is not high, the beginning of the mountain has a wine hole,buried `SanHuaNiang`.

I missed the time to buy stamps. sadly a lot.

I slept to hours in the hotel.

At night we went to Central Square,eating and shopping.

Then ate QingBuLiang,so cool : )
 
`climax`

We met police check hotel in coinstance,they were rude and brutal.

Knocking on the door with great effort.I recorded the whole process in danger.

The ending is we were driven out of the hotel where without the fire certificate.

The boss is pregnant.

Sympathy but she did make a error.

Caught a room,above level,not high price.

Slept with yuan,she pulled my quilt : (

Cold.

Dirty the sheets.

### second day---yangshuo
**yangshuo**

This is a beautiful place.

From guilin to yangshuo,we took the bus,then we went to the hotel to put the luggage.

Then its the time to have lunch,we ate specialty `beer fish`

Just soso.

After that we call didicar to`xingping town`

We ate grapefruit for ten yuan.
 
Maybe i spent a lot money,buy six white wine and give a bottle for gift for my father,

but i still feel bad.

Although im happy.

`YuLong river`--twenty yuan background.

hot hot hot!

Then went to `LianHuaYan`

hundred and eight lotus,shocked a lot.

one tourist guide with for beauty.VIP service.

Wash my feet in the river.so cool.

After that we strolling,ate `luosifen`.

The failure is walking back.tired and let me die.

### third day---yangshuo
**yangshuo**

How lucky we were!

The day before,we wanted to find ofo or mobai//eee...might?

Nowhere we can find.

The magical is that we find them when we went out in the morning,going to the destination.

Two boys find ofo and we rob them : )

This is the first time i ride ofo,because im Giant's fan :-)

Eee...this time i have a strong desire to talk about Giant...hiahia.

We rode ofo,found a place to eat,i ate the Steamed dumpling.

On the way i bought a bottle of water.

An oldman dont apply Wechat and Alipay to pay.

He laugh at me about the mistake i made for forgetting the purse,but i said it was the age of the Internet.

The he excited,and talk loudly ,"here is countryside!it isnot supporting them!"

I walk steady.Fuck your sister? :->

We spent half of day riding,i have to worry that i might have accident.

Because im afraid of my situation.

Luckily, im safe.

ride,ride,ride...

#### big Banyan tree

Taking photos.

#### Mountains of the Moon

Its so high for me--disabled.

But i conque it.

I clearly recognize that my right leg is jitter.

Im disabled.Too sorrow to say.

Might Aussians.strongman or beauty.Bold,looks so cool.


In the afternoon,we prepare souvenirs.

I bought osmanthus cake,make by man,expensive a lot.3r/piece.

And two pendants,one is my mom's,other is my sister's.

Yes,as you can see, im a good sister.

About how is another story.

`Finally back!!!`

## at the end.
